update docs to reflect main git enhancements (#4980)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/ide-user-interface.md

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-ide/ide-side-menu.jpg" width="30%" title="The Git repo link, documentation site button, Version Control menu, and File Explorer"/>

> 1. **Git repository and link &mdash;** The Git repository link, located on the upper left of the IDE, takes you to your repository on the same active branch. It also shows the repository name and the active branch name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Git repository link &mdash;** The Git repository link, located on the upper left of the IDE, takes you to your repository on the same active branch. It also displays the repository name and the active branch name.
```

5. **Defer to production &mdash;** The **Defer to production** toggle allows developers to only build and run and test models they've edited without having to first run and build all the models that come before them (upstream parents). Refer to [Using defer in dbt Cloud](/docs/cloud/about-cloud-develop-defer#defer-in-the-dbt-cloud-ide) for more info.

6. **Status button &mdash;** The IDE Status button, located on the lower right of the IDE, displays the current IDE status. If there is an error in the status or in the dbt code that stops the project from parsing, the button will turn red and display "Error". If there aren't any errors, the button will display a green "Ready" status. To access the [IDE Status modal](#modals-and-menus), simply click on this button.

## Editing features

The IDE features some delightful tools and layouts to make it easier for you to write dbt code and collaborate with teammates. 

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-ide/ide-editing.jpg" width="90%" title="Use the file editor, version control section, and save button during your development workflow"/>

> 1. **File Editor &mdash;** The File Editor is where users edit code. Tabs break out the region for each opened file, and unsaved files are marked with a blue dot icon in the tab view. You can directly edit, format, or lint files and execute dbt commands in your protected primary git branch. When ready, you can commit those changes to a new branch.

Author: ```suggestion
1. **File Editor &mdash;** The File Editor is where users edit code. Tabs break out the region for each opened file, and unsaved files are marked with a blue dot icon in the tab view. You can directly edit, format, or lint files and execute dbt commands in your protected primary git branch. Since the dbt Cloud IDE prevents commits to the protected branch, you can commit those changes to a new branch.
```

> 1. **File Editor &mdash;** The File Editor is where users edit code. Tabs break out the region for each opened file, and unsaved files are marked with a blue dot icon in the tab view. You can directly edit, format, or lint files and execute dbt commands in your protected primary git branch. Since the dbt Cloud IDE prevents commits to the protected branch, you can commit those changes to a new branch.

Reviewer: Keeping the perspective the same
```suggestion
1. **File Editor &mdash;** The File Editor is where you edit code. Tabs break out the region for each opened file, and unsaved files are marked with a blue dot icon in the tab view. You can edit, format, or lint files and execute dbt commands in your protected primary git branch. Since the dbt Cloud IDE prevents commits to the protected branch, it prompts you to commit those changes to a new branch.
```

Author: tweaked it to 'it prompts you to commit..' so it's active voice and not passive @matthewshaver

- **IDE Status modal &mdash;**  The IDE Status modal shows the current error message and debug logs for the server. This also contains an option to restart the IDE. Open this by clicking on the IDE Status button.
<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-ide/ide-status-modal-with-save.jpg" width="90%" title="The Command History returns a log and detail of all your dbt Cloud invocations."/>

> - **Commit to a new branch** &mdash; Edit directly on your primary git branch and commit those changes to a new branch when ready.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Commit to a new branch** &mdash; Edit directly on your protected primary git branch and commit those changes to a new branch when ready.
```
